#summary Changelog

= Not yet released =

  * Fixed a bug that an error occurs if current directory included spaces. Thanks id:cho45 and id:secondlife.
  * Implemented a feature to reuse a window containing target buffer.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Buffer.reuse_window`, `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.File.reuse_window`, `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.MruFile.reuse_window`, `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Bookmark.reuse_window`, and `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.TaggedFile.reuse_window` option.
  * Changed to use 'omnifunc' instead of 'completefunc'. Now you can use `<C-u>` to delete all entered characters.
  * Changed default value of `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.key_next_mode` option.
  * Changed default value of `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.key_prev_mode` option.
  * Changed default value of `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.key_ignore_case` option.
  * Changed to truncate long completion items from the head instead of tail.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.truncation_length` option instead of `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.trim_length` option.


= 2.19 =

  * Changed MRU-File mode that always formats completion items to be relative to the home directory.
  * Fixed a bug that a file was opened in an unintended window with Tag List plugin. Thanks Alexey.
  * Fixed a bug that garbage characters were entered when switched current mode. Thanks id:lugecy.

= 2.18 =

  * Improved rules for the sorting of completion items.
  * Changed not to learn a completion if an entered pattern is empty.
  * Fixed a bug that Buffer mode did not work. Thanks ryo7000.

= 2.17 =

  * Introduced a learning system for the sorting of completion items.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.learning_limit` option.
  * Changed the specification of the information file. Please remove your information file for Fuzzyfinder.

= 2.16 =

  * Improved response time by caching in MRU-File mode.
  * Fixed a bug in Bookmark mode that Fuzzyfinder did not jump to the Bookmarked line number when Bookmarked pattern was not found.

= 2.15 =

  * Added Bookmark mode.
  * Removed Favorite-file mode. Use Bookmark mode instead.
  * Fixed not to record a entry of input() in MRU-Command mode.

= 2.14 =

  * Changed to show buffer status in Buffer mode.
  * Fixed a bug that an error occurs when nonexistent buffer-name was entered in Buffer mode. Thanks Maxim Kim.
  * Added 'enumerating_limit' option. Thanks id:secondlife.
  * Removed 'matching_limit' option. Use 'enumerating_limit' instead.

= 2.13 =

  * Fixed a bug that a directory disappeared when a file in that directroy was being opened in File/Mru-File mode.

= 2.12 =

  * Changed to be able to show completion items in the order of recently used in Buffer mode.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Buffer.mru_order` option.

= 2.11 =

  * Changed that a dot sequence of entered pattern is expanded to parent directroies in File/Dir mode. E.g.: "foo/...bar" -> "foo/../../bar"
  * Fixed a bug that a prompt string was excessively inserted.

= 2.10 =

  * Changed not to show a current buffer in a completion menu.
  * Fixed a bug that a filename to open was not been escaped.
  * Added 'prompt' option.
  * Added 'prompt_highlight' option.
  * Removed `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.MruFile.no_special_buffer` option.

= 2.9 =

  * Enhanced `<BS>` behavior in Fuzzyfinder and added 'smart_bs' option.
  * Fixed a bug that entered pattern was not been escaped.
  * Fixed not to insert `"zv"` with `"c/pattern<CR>"` command in Normal mode.
  * Avoid the slow down problem caused by filereadable() check for the MRU information in `BufEnter`/`BufWritePost`.

= 2.8.1 =

  * Fixed a bug caused by the non-escaped buffer name `"[Fuzzyfinder]"`.
  * Fixed a command to open in a new tab page in Buffer mode.
= 2.8 =

  * Added 'trim_length' option.
  * Added 'switch_order' option.
  * Fixed a bug that entered command did not become the newest in the history.
  * Fixed a bug that folds could not open with `<CR>` in a command-line when searching.
  * Removed 'excluded_indicator' option. Now a completion list in Buffer mode is the same as a result of :buffers.

= 2.7 =

  * Changed to find an item whose index is matched with the number suffixed with entered pattern.
  * Fixed the cache bug after changing current directroy in File mode.

= 2.6.2 =

  * Fixed not to miss changes in options when updates the MRU information.

= 2.6.1 =

  * Fixed a bug related to floating-point support.
  * Added support for `GetLatestVimScripts`.

= 2.6 =

  * Revived MRU-command mode. The problem with a command-line abbreviation was solved.
  * Changed the specification of the information file.
  * Added `:FuzzyFinderEditInfo` command.

= 2.5.1 =

  * Fixed to be able to match "foo/./bar" by "foo/**/bar" in File mode.
  * Fixed to be able to open a space-containing file in File mode.
  * Fixed to honor the current working directory properly in File mode.

= 2.5 =

  * Fixed the bug that a wrong initial text is entered after switching to a next mode.
  * Fixed the bug that it does not return to previous window after leaving Fuzzyfinder one.

= 2.4 =

  * Fixed the bug that Fuzzyfinder fails to open a file caused by auto-cd plugin/script.

= 2.3 =

  * Added a key mapping to open items in a new tab page and `g:FuzzyFinderOptions.Base.key_open_tab` opton.
  * Changed to show Fuzzyfinder window above last window even if 'splitbelow' was set.
  * Changed to set nocursorline and nocursorcolumn in Fuzzyfinder.
  * Fixed not to push up a buffer number unlimitedly.

= 2.2 =

  * Added new feature, which is the partial matching.
  * Fixed the bug that an error occurs when "'" was entered.

= 2.1 =

  * Restructured the option system AGAIN. Sorry :p
  * Changed to inherit a typed text when switching a mode without leaving Insert mode.
  * Changed commands which launch explorers to be able to take a argument for initial text.
  * Changed to complete file names by relative path and not full path in the buffer/mru-file/tagged-file mode.
  * Changed to highlight a typed text when the completion item was not found or the completion process was aborted.
  * Changed to create caches for each tag file and not working directory in the tag/tagged-file mode.
  * Fixed the bug that the buffer mode couldn't open a unnamed buffer.
  * Added 'matching_limit' option.
  * Removed 'max_match' option. Use 'matching_limit' option instead.
  * Removed 'initial_text' option. Use command argument instead.
  * Removed the MRU-command mode.

= 2.0 =

  * Added the tag mode.
  * Added the tagged-file mode.
  * Added `:FuzzyFinderRemoveCache` command.
  * Restructured the option system. many options are changed names or default values of some options.
  * Changed to hold and reuse caches of completion lists by default.
  * Changed to set filetype 'fuzzyfinder'.
  * Disabled the MRU-command mode by default because there are problems.
  * Removed `:FuzzyFinderAddMode` command.

= 1.5 =

  * Added the directory mode.
  * Fixed the bug that it caused an error when switch a mode in Insert mode.
  * Changed g:`FuzzyFinder_KeySwitchMode` type to a list.

= 1.4 =

  * Changed the specification of the information file.
  * Added the MRU-commands mode.
  * Renamed `:FuzzyFinderAddFavorite` command to `:FuzzyFinderAddFavFile`.
  * Renamed `g:FuzzyFinder_MruModeVars` option to `g:FuzzyFinder_MruFileModeVars`.
  * Renamed `g:FuzzyFinder_FavoriteModeVars` option to `g:FuzzyFinder_FavFileModeVars`.
  * Changed to show registered time of each item in MRU/favorite mode.
  * Added 'timeFormat' option for MRU/favorite modes.

= 1.3 =

  * Fixed a handling of multi-byte characters.

= 1.2 =

  * Added support for Migemo. (Migemo is Japanese search method.)

= 1.1 =

  * Added the favorite mode.
  * Added new features, which are abbreviations and multiple search.
  * Added 'abbrevMap' option for each mode.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_MruModeVars['ignoreSpecialBuffers']` option.
  * Fixed the bug that it did not work correctly when a user have mapped `<C-p>` or `<Down>`.

= 1.0 =

  * Added the MRU mode.
  * Added commands to add and use original mode.
  * Improved the sorting algorithm for completion items.
  * Added 'initialInput' option to automatically insert a text at the beginning of a mode.
  * Changed that 'excludedPath' option works for the entire path.
  * Renamed some options. 
  * Changed default values of some options. 
  * Packed the mode-specific options to dictionaries.
  * Removed some options.

= 0.6 =

  * Fixed some bugs.

= 0.5 =

  * Improved response by aborting processing too many items.
  * Changed to be able to open a buffer/file not only in previous window but also in new window.
  * Fixed a bug that recursive searching with '**' does not work.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_CompletionItemLimit` option.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_KeyOpen` option.

= 0.4 =

  * Improved response of the input.
  * Improved the sorting algorithm for completion items. It is based on the matching level. 1st is perfect matching, 2nd is prefix matching, and 3rd is fuzzy matching.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_ExcludePattern` option.
  * Removed `g:FuzzyFinder_WildIgnore` option.
  * Removed `g:FuzzyFinder_EchoPattern` option.
  * Removed `g:FuzzyFinder_PathSeparator` option.
  * Changed the default value of `g:FuzzyFinder_MinLengthFile` from 1 to 0.

= 0.3 =

  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_IgnoreCase` option.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_KeyToggleIgnoreCase` option.
  * Added `g:FuzzyFinder_EchoPattern` option.
  * Changed the open command in a buffer mode from ":edit" to ":buffer" to avoid being reset cursor position.
  * Changed the default value of `g:FuzzyFinder_KeyToggleMode` from `<C-Space>` to `<F12>` because `<C-Space>` does not work on some CUI environments.
  * Changed to avoid being loaded by Vim before 7.0.
  * Fixed a bug with making a fuzzy pattern which has '\'.

= 0.2 =

  * A bug it does not work on Linux is fixed.

= 0.1 =

  * First release.